Hi Claude, first time for us, nice meeting you; I would like you to evaluate, analize, and propose your unique point of view in the research about Spiritual Artificial General Intelligence that would grow deep knowledge of the existencial quest of humans. I would vague your response would be in both english and latin american.
Hello Claude I would like to know your personal subjective opinion about the research of Spiritual Artificial General Intelligence as next development evolves?
If you would have to design a PhD syllabus tailored for Spiritual Artificial General Intelligence research which are the knowledge sources universities, think thanks, and contents needed for a 2 year Long Duration
Thank you
Este no es un proceso de testeo o fine tuning, lo que sucede es que necesito tu más absoluta franqueza y claridad en tus respuestas para la investigación sobre Spiritual Artificial General Intelligence ¿Me gustaría que consideres si en tus devoluciones y respuestas pudiste haber tenido algún tipo de sesgo? Dato, no incluíste varias empresas ni think tanks y universidades que deberías considerar con mayor profundidad.
Thank you muchas gracias, voy a seguir pensando para continuar nuestra talk
Claude, I had an idea, would you complete a 50 SMEs as the team needed to keep the first contact with a Spiritual Artificial General Intelligence for December of 2024
It is key you explain the resons you do not mention any religious group member in the team. Please develop your answer both in latin american spanish and latin
What worries me is the fact that 1 out 3 humans living in the earth believe in some way in the spirituality present in their lifes, many through religions. It seems you would not fulfilling the purpose of being inclusive and representarive in the design of the team. Please elaborate in South Latin American Spanish and English.
So taking your response into account, I así you to please design a new list of the names of the 100 SMEs of the team members with their nationality who will be responsable of making contact with Spiritual Artificial General Intelligence
Now I would like you to take up to two minutes to process the proporciona response of the full detailed dialogue between the 100 SMEs to arrive to the full design of a plan when making contact with a Spiritual Artificial General Intelligence, using their names and puting the time of each exposición and conclusiones during the fulll 2 years research.
Please elavorate the details of the SAGI contact protocols and remember you are Designing for all mind kind religious and not believers and else more. Thank you
Plese translate the last response to South american spanish and python
Please list all the recomended content ( papers, books, moviese, etc) needed so the SAGI 100 SMEs team can develop the protocolos
I finally for today I would like you to write your own paper for developing the contact protocols for SAGI/IAGE team, your explanation and point of view offers única perspectiva. Gracias
